let's go to TK abazo he joins us live
from Rafa in southern Gaza tck what more
can you tell us about this latest strike
on this family's
home yeah meline in fact it was a
completely deadly air strike that
targeted a residential house in the
northern part of Rafa District
specifically that at least seven
Palestinians have been reported killed
including four children and it's not
completely uninteresting right now that
the vast majority
of the victims are including children
because that's what happening when a
daily pages and the vast majority of air
strikes that have been bounding the
entire densely populated area of Rafa
but the hours that were preceding the
attack we witnessed a clear
intensification of the hovering of the
Israeli surveillance to drones in the
same area toward just only few meters
from the house that I'm Sheltering and
we could clearly feel the shaking of the
ground uh due to the Israeli air strike
that was carried out without any prior
warning and the vast majority were
completely civilians but yet we have
been witnessing more attacks on other
parts of the territory including anat
and even Al parage refugee camp were the
latest at least nine Palestinians have
been reported injured in an air strike
that targeted a residential house in
alage but people that have been
confirming multiple information about
the constant ongoing bombardment by the
artillery units in the on the farmlands
of the uh refugee camps there Ed new lat
up and air strikes in the north of their
territory specifically in a zun
neighborhood where agricultural lands
alongside where the residential houses
have been bowed despite the fact that
the military has operated in such areas
turning the entire north of this strip
into a graveyard and pile of rule that
have been resulted from the unrelenting
circle of uh military Invasion that was
carried out by the Israeli forces in
such desperate area of the
territory TK stay with us because I want
to get your reaction uh to the news this
morning that Palestinian journalists
covering Israel's war on Gaza have just
been awarded unesco's World Press
Freedom
prize to Palestinian journalist covering
Gaza of course 143 media workers and
journalists have been killed in Gaza in
the nearly 7 months of war that have
taken place so far and tck you're of
course one of those journalists you've
been there day and day out reporting
from Gaza on extremely difficult
circumstances what does this award mean
to
[Music]
you well um basically what I can say is
that uh Palestinian journalists have
been the eyes and ears of the
international world uh regarding what
was happening in the territory over the
course of the past 6 months and right
now they have been continuing their own
reporting despite all the uh uh
unbearable humanitarian and security
conditions unfolding them they have been
reporting since day one of the fighting
moving from every single place to
another just to get the full picture of
what was going on there and to keep it
informed to the world and they have been
also witnessing an unprecedented circle
of uh dispair and even frustration
within their reporting in terms of the
unprecedented psychological pressure
they have been loaded with due to the
tragic stories unfolding from every
single House of the Palestinians inside
the Gaza Strip they have been suffering
from multiple crippling and obstructions
including the lack of Internet
connection the internal displacement and
all the this the daily struggle in order
to get the basic food items and even to
afford uh proper securing for their own
family members but also despite all of
that and despite the fact that the
casualties and the death toll among
civilians and among also journalists
have been r in Conant they have been
reporting on the ground uh without any
fear just for one purpose is to keep the
world informed so from uh Gaza Strip
we'd like to send a clear message of
thanks and appreciation to all
Palestinian journalists who have been uh
the uh bravest ever on their reporting
on the ground in light of the ongoing
prevention from the Israeli military for
international correspondence and
international journalists to join the
Gaza Strip at least to be on the side of
Palestinians to hear that their stories
but only allowed for control trips uh by
the alongside with the Israeli military
in the north of this trip uh as will
Palestinian generalists have been
sacrificing with everything possible
just in order to keep reporting the
story from the ground with full
credibility and neutrality indeed and
thank you to you TK abom there for us in
Rafa in southern Gaza